# Deliberating Development of front end from the database.

## Re-considering entire eco system completely. 

## My Eco System

## I have a tcode based system

- This picks up tables from the database based on a list of "modles" that are fed to it using "getModel(tcode)" function located in backend app.
- Each tcode (which is one collection in the database) but one course on the front end. that course can be of class 9 math or my diary or random systems tests. 

## tcode on front end ==> THE CHALLANGE

- Now is the challange of creating a part manual part automated  (taleem folder upload file) front end inside vercelApp folder so that when ever a new tcode is plugged into the system it displays on the front-end and then i can turn it on and off asl well.

### Challange Break Down
    - When I finalize a question in backend the taleem/upload.js should created a front end out of it. This system can be improved but no other steps except. 
        1. finalize in backend running on localhost:5173
        2. run taleem/upload.js
        3. git commit vercelApp  
    - Rule not to break : Presentation folder / Component goes from backend to vercelApp and not the other way around. Dont make changes in Presentation in vercelApp.
    - Where do i register the tcodes:
        - Registeration on front end is not required since front-end will not use database, it is a static site with some links.
        - To register tcodes in the front end ,I need to 
            - convert picking up of syllabus on front end be changed with the tcode in url
            - and it means that for each tcode i need to generate a syllabus DATA/JSON file, just like i did for fbise9math (no changes same simple). The fron end dependent on the json files in the lib/data folder and the rest of the Svelte system just represents a state of this system.
            - SO the front end fully static which depents upon
                - lib/data.*.js
                - static/ mp3 files
                - static/ png files
                - external links added later.
                - manual sections added.
                - other build sysytems linked.     
# Final TODOs
    1. convert the syllabus page in vercelApp to accept datafiles from lib/data folder using tcode in url
    2. taleem/upload to create these jaon files.
    3. add manually to front page at vercelApp home page.
    4. keep in mind that the syllabus page will  become the most complex part of the system. since that is 2nd most user facing after player.
    


